README.md, before:

# YT Music Slack Status
> A userscript and server to update your Slack status with your current YouTube Music track.

<br>
<small>an example status:</small>

![example](image.png)
### How to use
1. Clone this repo: `git clone https://github.com/whirlxd/ytmusic-slack`
2. `cd ytmusic-slack`
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`
4. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following content:
 ```
SLACK_USER_TOKEN=xoxp-your-slack-user-token
PORT=8787
EMOJI=:youtube-music: (if your workspace has this emoji)
TEMPLATE=${title} :: ${artist} 
MIN_UPDATE_SECONDS=4
PRIVATE_KEY= a secret key for auth b/w script and server
```
5. Start the server: `node server.js`
6. Install a userscript manager in your browser (e.g., Tampermonkey).
7. Create a new userscript and copy the content of `userscript.js` into it.
8. Adjust the `SET` constant in `userscript.js` to point to your server (e.g., `http://localhost:8787/now-playing`).
9. Save the userscript and ensure it's enabled on `music.youtube.com`.
10. Play some music on YouTube Music and watch your Slack status update!

### Notes
- If you are a teen you can host this - [Nest](https://hackclub.app). See [this guide](nest.md) I have written.
- Make sure your Slack workspace allows custom status updates via user tokens.
- The userscript checks for the current track every 10 seconds by default. You can adjust this interval in the `INTERVAL_MS` constant in `userscript.js`.
- The server clears your Slack status when no music is playing or when the track is paused.
- Ensure that your browser and the server can communicate (eg. no firewall blocking, especially in Brave).
- This project is for personal use and may violate YouTube Music's or Slack's terms of service. Use at your own risk. idrc
- If need be there are some AI generated docs [here](docs.md) - may contain errors.

### License
GNU General Public License. See `LICENSE` file for details.

Commit message:

add spotify & slack , fix bugs , add dynamic emoji , add support for removing status after a while

README.md, after:

# slack-music-status
> A userscript and server to update your Slack status with your current YouTube Music/Spotify/SoundCloud track.

<br>
<small>an example status:</small>

![example](image.png)
![eg2](image-1.png)
![eg3](image-2.png)
### How to use
1. Clone this repo: `git clone https://github.com/whirlxd/ytmusic-slack`
2. `cd ytmusic-slack`
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`
4. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following content:
 ```
SLACK_USER_TOKEN=xoxp-your-slack-user-token
PORT=8787
EMOJI=:youtube-music: (if your workspace has this emoji)
TEMPLATE=${title} :: ${artist} 
MIN_UPDATE_SECONDS=4
PRIVATE_KEY= a secret key for auth b/w script and server
EMOJI_YOUTUBE=:youtube-music:
EMOJI_SPOTIFY=:spotify_logo:
EMOJI_SOUNDCLOUD=:soundcloudnobg:
```
5. Start the server: `node server.js`
6. Install a userscript manager in your browser (e.g., Tampermonkey).
7. Create a new userscript and copy the content of `userscript.js` into it.
8. Adjust the `SET` constant in `userscript.js` to point to your server (e.g., `http://localhost:8787/now-playing`).
9. Save the userscript and ensure it's enabled on `music.youtube.com // open.spotify.com // soundcloud.com`.
10. Play some music on YouTube Music and watch your Slack status update!

### Notes
- If you are a teen you can host this - [Nest](https://hackclub.app). See [this guide](nest.md) I have written.
- Make sure your Slack workspace allows custom status updates via user tokens.
- The userscript checks for the current track every 10 seconds by default. You can adjust this interval in the `INTERVAL_MS` constant in `userscript.js`.
- The server clears your Slack status when no music is playing or when the track is paused.
- Ensure that your browser and the server can communicate (eg. no firewall blocking, especially in Brave).
- This project is for personal use and may violate YouTube Music's // Spotify's // SoundCloud's or Slack's terms of service. Use at your own risk. idrc
- If need be there are some AI generated docs [here](docs.md) - may contain errors.

### License
GNU General Public License. See `LICENSE` file for details.
